title: "Work list of ongoing and completed projects""
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/workList
date: 2023-02-03
location: "Macrogen Europe, Amsterdam""
---

This is a description of your talk, which is a markdown files that can be all markdown-ified like any other post. Yay markdown!

Headings
======

Subheadings
------

# Work List

*Changlin Ke*

## Modification

- To add email notification function to qsub cmd: `-M changlin@macrogen-europe.com`
- "/mnt/ruby/Tools/WES_Analysis/DATA_TRANSFER/hddlist_build.sh" line 46, chir changed to chdir

## Development

### Auto weekly report tool

a simple script to generate your weekly work report 😀, it only needs your name and a location to save output excel file. After getting the file, copy paste the content to the template as you like.
>There is possibility that unfinished orders on Friday would be lost/missed if they are updated to complete after submitting weekly report.

Use bi2 account, and conda activate celescope (a lot of packages are pre-installed, I just use this env for convenience)

Run: ```python /mnt/ruby/Users/changlin/WeeklyReport_auto/Create_WeeklyReport.py [ANALYZER] -o [PATH_FOLDER_OUTPUT] -f [PATH_WORKSHEET] -d [INPUT_DATE_PERIOD]```
Example: ```python /mnt/ruby/Users/changlin/WeeklyReport_auto/Create_WeeklyReport.py Jongbum /mnt/ruby/Users/changlin/WeeklyReport_auto/```

### Macrogen EU Singleron single-cell data Analysis Pipeline (MASP)

Currently covered features: scRNA-seq data preprocessing based on Celescope

To do:

1. Data and analysis (intermediatory) result deliverables packing based on customer needs.
2. Adapt to snakemake

### auto data upload script

WES: Upload data from latest report folder to customer's cloud (dropbox), pre-configure cloud service connection before running!

```bash
/mnt/ruby/Tools/cke_script/LinkAndUppdate.sh [EN0000xxxx] [upload_batch]
```

## Bug record & question

1. error message no JSON object could be decoded:
   > check json file and delete existing file if it's empty.
2. why is the file in "/mnt/ruby/Analysis/BI/WholeGenomeReSeq/" sometimes incomplete. For instance, no sqs file in merge_analysis of some sample?

## Todo List

1. Fix pcname parameter of hdd1.list hdd copy script generated by `/mnt/ruby/Tools/WES_Analysis/DATA_TRANSFER/hddlist_build.sh`
2. complete  `/mnt/ruby/Tools/cke_script/awesome_qstat.py`
   - qstat monitor and email automatically when monitored jobs are done
3. make docker images

## Work of others

- Simone: a small script to communicate with lab team, when we have a low mean depth of target region scenario. **Under maintainance**
  - USAGE: `BTS_mean_depth_target_region.py [ordernumber_excelstat.csv] [contracted Depth] [contracted throughput]`
  - The csv file can be ~~downloaded from BTS monitoring page~~ generated with ``/ruby/Tools/BTS_monitoring_pipeline/makeExomeChart_sales.py [OrderNum] [appcode EXO|TAG]`` (by Jongbum). 
  - The output is an excel file with all the bad quality data. In a scenario like Nima's : two different contracted throughputs matched with two different depth coverage, we can run it two times and 
then merge the two different files with another script:`"/mnt/ruby/Tools/BTS_monitoring_pipeline/merge_excel_files.py"`.
  
## Career

### Strong interest / higher chance:

1. PhD Candidate Rheumatology Data Science at LUMC 1.22/2.12
      https://www.lumc.nl/en/over-het-lumc/werken-bij/vacancies/b.23.pv.el.03-phd-candidate-rheumatology-data-science/ 
      https://lumc.recruitee.com/l/en/o/b23pvel03-phd-candidates-rheumatology-data-science/c/new#apply
2. PhD Candidate Clinical Data Science at Netherlands Comprehensive Cancer Organisation (IKNL) and Amsterdam UMC 1.15/1.16
      https://vacatures.iknl.nl/vacaturebeschrijving-2/phd-candidate-clinical-data-science
3. PhD 2x - Comorbidities of serious mental illness 2.5
      https://werkenbij.amsterdamumc.org/nl/vacatures/research/phd-2x---comorbidities-of-serious-mental-illness?utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed
4. PHD-candidate in genetics at BPRC(Ben Becker Internationaal Transportbedrijf) and Utrecht University 3.15
      https://debanensite.nl/vacature/phd-candidate-in-genetics-rijswijk/c36bf771-cb58-410a-ae15-5a2a3dab6528
5. Longtrec project 1.21 
6. PhD position in systems biology at RUG <https://www.academictransfer.com/en/322448/post-doc-phd-position-in-systems-biology/apply/#apply>

### Less likely

1. VU ctg lab: incoming jobs
2. PhD Statistical and health-economic modeling to optimize cancer prevention at Amsterdam UMC, 2.1
      <https://werkenbij.amsterdamumc.org/nl/vacatures/research/phd-statistical-and-health-economic-modeling-to-optimize-cancer-prevention>

#### motivation

Story connecting achivements:

needed
future
environment to communicate with great ppl
A struggle to preserve, set free a suffering humanity.

